EVERMORE — MOBILE WEB BUNDLE (v1.0)
Read this once. It is for YOU, the seller — do not include it in the
buyer's download.


WHAT THIS IS

The same planner, served from a web address instead of a file. That is the
only way an iPhone can run it, and it is much nicer on Android too: the
buyer opens your link, taps "Add to Home Screen", and from then on it
behaves like an installed app — its own icon, no browser bars, and it
works with no signal.

Nothing about it is a service. There is no server code, no database, no
accounts, no data leaving the phone. It is five static files. The plan
still lives only in that phone's browser storage.

  index.html              the planner (identical to the download)
  manifest.webmanifest    name, icon and "open like an app"
  sw.js                   the offline worker
  icon-192.png            Android icon
  icon-512.png            Android icon (also used as the maskable icon)
  apple-touch-icon.png    iPhone / iPad home-screen icon


HOSTING IT (pick one — all free, all take about five minutes)

  Cloudflare Pages   dash.cloudflare.com -> Workers & Pages -> Create ->
                     Pages -> Upload assets. Drag this whole folder in.
                     You get a link like evermore-xyz.pages.dev.

  Netlify Drop       app.netlify.com/drop — drag the folder onto the page.
                     No account needed to start.

  GitHub Pages       put these files in a repository, then Settings ->
                     Pages -> deploy from the main branch.

All three serve over HTTPS, which is required: a service worker will not
run over plain http, so "Add to Home Screen" and offline use need the
https link. Your own domain works too if you have one.

Upload the folder's CONTENTS at the root of the site, so the planner
answers at https://your-link/ and sw.js sits beside it.


AFTER YOU HOST IT

1. Open the link on your own phone — an iPhone and an Android if you can
   get hold of both — and run through setup, a guest, a budget line and a
   backup before you put the link in front of a buyer.
2. Add it to your home screen and check it opens without browser bars.
3. Turn on airplane mode and open it again. It should still work.
4. Put the link into START-HERE.html, section 8, where it says
   [YOUR PLANNER LINK HERE], then rebuild the buyer zip.


WHEN YOU CHANGE THE PLANNER

Re-upload the folder AND bump the cache name in sw.js — change
  var CACHE = 'evermore-1.0';
to 'evermore-1.1', and so on. Without that, phones keep serving the old
version from their cache.


TWO THINGS TO GO IN WITH YOUR EYES OPEN

* A link is easier to pass around than a paid file. Anyone who has it can
  use the planner. Keep the link out of your public listing photos and
  give it only inside the download, where buyers get it.
* The link is now something you maintain. If you take the hosting down,
  phones that installed it keep working from their cache, but new buyers
  and fresh installs will not. The offline file in the download is the
  promise that always holds — the link is the convenience.


WHAT IS STILL NOT POSSIBLE

Automatic syncing between a phone and a computer. There is no server, so
there is nothing to sync through. Moving a plan between devices means
saving a backup file on one and restoring it on the other. That is stated
plainly for buyers in START-HERE.html.
